[gasp]
uh... uh...
(AKARI) Why are they going
after the serum... and not us?
Could they...?
Do they know who we are?
[panicking]
[grunt]
[thud]
[groaning and nervous breathing]
(AKARI) Is this what the Bugs 2
crew were faced with?
[gasp]
[insect chirping]
No! Eva! Get up! Run!
Eva! Hurry! Get up! Run!
[gasping, holding back tears]
(AKARI) How long have they been
hiding?
How the hell did they get in?
[hyperventilating]
[grunt, heavy breathing]
And who the hell are they
taking orders from?
[chirping]
03  TO MARS
(COMMANDER) What? Back to Earth?
That's right. And we'll be
taking all of the remaining
Terraformars that are onboard
with us as samples.
Mission manual, check. Return to
Earth, initiated.
[grunts and banging]
Come on! Open up!
(COMMANDER) I'm afraid not,
Captain Komachi.
Six samples isn't going to cut
it.
Twenty years of funding and
the survival of the human race
depend upon this
mission'ssuccess.
Failure is not an option.
Continue with Plan Delta.
[grunt]
But sir, Plan Delta is supposed
to be for mission return
failures only.
[nervous breathing]
[insect chirpping]
(COMMANDER) Captain Komachi, You
must trust in the fortitude of
the officers. Those of high
rank can protect the others...
and complete this
mission.
[sigh]
I've seen what those things can
do to a ship at take off, but
we're nowhere near Mars's
surface.
We're high in the thermosphere!
It'd be impossible for them to
gain access to the ship from
this far away!
But somehow they've boarded! Or
is it that they've been hiding
here all along?!
It doesn't make sense! But
telling you bastards is a waste
of time!
Someone is controlling these
damn roaches!
[screams]
[grunt]
We're falling.
(KOU HONDA) M.A.R.S. Rankings?
(SHICHISEI HIRUMA) Yes. Rankings
have been assigned according
to  each crew member's ability.
Those ranking the highest were
made officers. Under Capatian
Komachi, there are six
officers.
They are our main weapons.
Weapons?
Yes. Very powerful and
dangerous weapons.
(JOSEPH) That's a bit unwieldy,
isn't it, Michelle?
Why don't you let me give you a
hand?
(SHICHISEI) The officers will
lead the Annex 1 forces.
Most have military backgrounds.
But they are far more than
simple mutated-cockroach
killers.
They come from Japan...
Gerrmany... China...
America... Russia... and the
Roman Federation.
These brave men and women... are
anti-terraformar specialists.
[angered breathing]
So, you two have made it this
far.
You've got guts, that's for
sure.
Captain!
I'll take it from here.
Head to the escape vehilcles.
[sigh]
(MICHELLE) Apparently they've
nfiltrated other areas, too.
Joe and Liu, head to the living
quarters.  Asimov, cargo hold.
Adolf, you should go and watch
over the escape vehicles in the
hangar.
This is Shokichi Komachi,
captain of the Annex 1.
Initiate Plan Delta
The main engine is down. We're
rapidly descending toward
Mars's surface.
All personnel head to the escape
vehicle dock immediately. And
brace yourselves. It's going to
be a rough landing.
[grunts and sighs]
[Terraformar yelling]
huh?
[barking calls]
(JOSEPH) You're alright now.
You all, leave this to me.
Get to the escape pods.
(SYLVESTER) Ah, Captain.
We should get go- Oh! I see
you've got your hands full.
[chuckle]
Hey, not cool.
[chirping]
(JOSEPH) Your buddies are
smudging up the glass.
You know how hard that is to
clean?
[heavy breathing] Everyone, stay
calm!
The escape vehicles are just
ahead.
[panting and heavy breathing]
(AKARI) Wait!
Stop, Alex!
Huh...?
Marcos! Akari!
[gasp] You guys are safe!
(AKARI) The captain said there
might be roaches in there, too.
Everyone, stand back!
[gasp]
Watch closely.
[grunt]
[weak moaning]
Vermin.
Woah.
(AKARI) Impressive.
[chuckle]
Seems that six roaches were able
to sneak onboard....
And we've got exactly six
officers on the ship...
[crew murmering]
(ADOLF) Eva...
huh?
(ADOLF) Careful...
tears can be dangerous.
[gasp] Yes sir.
[quiet sobs]
All hands... Atten...hut!
I suppose I could ramble on and
on, but this says it all!
[gasps]
Captain Komachi will brief you
on the operation. Everybody
listen up, got it?
(SHOKICHI) In accordance with
emergency Plan Delta, we will
now commence landing on Mars
using the six escape vehicles.
I will be in charge of Squad 1.
Michelle will lead Squad 2, the
other Japanese and American
squad.
The Russian and Scandinavian
group, Squad 3, will be led by
Asimov.
Squad 4, from China and Asia,
by Liu.
Squad 5, from Germany and South
America, Adolf.
Squad 6, from Europe and Africa,
Joseph.
To avoid ambush, we will launch
in different directions.
We'll communicate via radio.
Once we land, rendezvous at the
main ship.
Got it?
(CREW) Yes, sir!
(SHOKICHI) Let's go.
[crew murmering]
Sheila... you guys...
We'll be okay, Eva. We're in
different squads, but the
officers leading us through this
are tough.
Mhm
[chuckle]
(AKARI) Be careful out there.
Alright...
see you on Mars!
[hissing]
No sign of roaches out there.
Move out.
[gasps]
(YAEKO) I've...
...seen so many photographs of
Mars taken back in the twentieth
century, but
they looked nothing like this.
(ALEX) A lot can change in five
hundred years.
(AKARI) It's... almost a
paradise.
Quit acting like tourists, you
idiots! It's not a sightseeing
trip.
Check it out. We're lucky we
landed near some water.
The ice in the soil has begun to
melt, but Mars has nowhere near
the water Earth does.
Should we check it? See if it's
drinkable?
Yes. We have enough water
onboard to last only forty days.
The more we have, the better.
Besides, ladies have thier needs
too.
Do you see a lady?
Well...
Oh!... Uh!...
I'll contact the other squads.
Stay alert, both of you.
You never know where these
pieces of shit might be hiding.
Y-yes, Ma'am!
[deep breaths through mask]
It's safe. Masks off everyone.
[deep breath]
Oh wow, I can actually breathe!
I heard the air here, is
actually the same as in the
Andes.
This is amazing. Another perk
from the procedure, you tlhink?
Damnit! Theres not much serum.
We were never supposed to leave
Annex 1.
All we've got are emergancy
spares.
I wonder if the others have
landed too.
I hope everyone's okay...
Well...
I can't see that much but I
think we escaped the ambush.
Yeah...
Hmm
Squad 2 reporting. Michelle K.
Davis here.
All other squads report your
status. Over.
(JOSEPH) Whoa, Michelle's quick.
They must be close. We're still
about...
What the hell?!
[struggling]
Woah...Ah! [heavy breathing]
[crew panicking]
[grunt]
[heavy breathing and groaning]
[gasp]
(JOSEPH) Oh, boy... Just
great...  Well, I suppose at
least one of our ships was bound
to get attacked...
Guess we drew the short straw
this time.
I heard intelligent life had
been found here as far back as
20 years ago. But I never
expected this.
[chuckle]
We've flown seriously far by
now. The other squads must be
long gone.
[chuckle] Of course. Elena, just
what exactly are our
coordinates now?
How the hell would I know that?!
The satellite's down, and we
have no reference points to go
by! But...
this sure looks right to me...
We've done it sir.
[chuckle] Yes indeed. Just as
planned.
(SYLVESTER) And that's touch
down!
[gasp]
They really do exist.
They are quite a sight aren't
they?
You'd think there'd be swarms of
cockroaches here. Not that I'm
complaining, mind you.
Alright. Enough chitchat. Our
mission awaits us.
[grunt amd moaning in pain]
[chirping and hissing]
[gasp]
[chirping]
[hissing]
[grunt]
[heavy breathing]
Somehow they slipped past our
radar.
It's like they came out of thin
air.
[chuckle] Just one? How very
amusing.
Elena! We're going with Sign B!
Right!
(SYLVESTER) Bring out the net!
It's just one so save the serum.
Remember your training. I want
this bastard brought in alive!
Leave the shooting to me!
Follow my lead.
Sis!
You or the captain would blast
its head off. And we're on a
mission, so don't call me "Sis!"
[gasp]
It's heading straight for her
just as he said it would. But...
(SYLVESTER) Concentrate, Ivan.
Hold on to that serum. As long
as the roach is heading towards
Elena, we'll be okay.
Believe you me, she's the best
shot in the North Sea! And with
an anti-terraformar net
launcher, she's unstoppable.
Terraformar...
Locked!
[gasp]
[shaky breath]
The radar's clear... right.
Let's move out.
Everyone, let me say this again.
Now that Plan Delta is in place,
a rescue vessel from Earth
should be on its way.
In forty days, it will land here
on Mars to take us home. In the
meantime, you have two
sub-missions...
First, regroup at the Annex 1
crash site.
Once there, restore the research
equipment, and prepare to
return with virus samples.
And the second mission is...
stay alive!
For now... we'll regroup with
Michelle and Squad 2.
Once we join up with the other
senior officers, we'll retrieve
Annex 1!
Understood?
Yes!
(NARRATOR) April 12th, AD 2620
The research team lands on Mars.
The hunt for the Alien Engine
Virus, and the fight against
the terraformars, has begun.
[chirping and hissing]
Forty days now stand between our
heros...
[clicking and hissing]
...and rescue.
[gasp]
(TERRAFORMARS) [screams and
hissing]
to be continued
04 WAR
[chirping and hissing]